feat(telemetry): first-run notice and default-on usage stats (#1027)
grafana/gcx: docs/reference/environment-variables/index.md

Telemetry controls anonymous usage telemetry for this invocation:
"enabled", "disabled", or "log" (print the event to stderr and send
nothing). Telemetry is enabled by default. Takes precedence over

> DO_NOT_TRACK and the `diagnostics.telemetry` config field.

Author: ```suggestion
nothing). Telemetry is enabled by default. Takes precedence over
the `diagnostics.telemetry` config field.
```

Author: applied - generated from the telemetry.go Env comment, fixed at source and regenerated (e5d0ef01). DO_NOT_TRACK precedence stays documented under its own entry
